The peat bog on which this standard rests has interesting corpses interred in it.

"From the first note the vibrations from the loudspeaker made my hair stand up. The stabbing sounds from the guitar could almost break a window. When Johnson started singing, he seemed like a guy who could have sprung from the head of Zeus in full armour. I immediately differentiated between him and anyone else I had ever heard."

"Prine's stuff is pure Proustian existentialism. Midwestern mindtrips to the nth degree. And he writes beautiful songs. I remember when Kris Kristofferson first brought him on the scene. All that stuff about Sam Stone the soldier junky daddy and Donald and Lydia, where people make love from ten miles away. Nobody but Prine could write like that. If I had to pick one song of his, it might be Lake Marie. I don't remember what album that's on,"

"His musical patterns are all over the place, probably because he's classically trained. There might be three separate songs within a Zevon song, but they're all effortlessly connected. Zevon was a musician's musician, a tortured one. Desperado Under the Eaves. It's all in there."

hunger artist on the fortieth day of his fast, in bed, almost dead from exhaustion. Although the hunger artist was very familiar with this perversion of the truth, it always strained his nerves again and was too much for him.

“because I couldn’t find a food which I enjoyed. If had found that, believe me, I would not have made a spectacle of myself and would have eaten to my heart’s content, like you and everyone else.” Those were his last words, but in his failing eyes there was the firm, if no longer proud, conviction that he was continuing to fast. 

No, un amor breve como el suspiro de una cabeza guillotinada
a cabeza de un rey o un conde bretón, 
Breve como la belleza,
 La belleza absoluta
, La que contiene toda la grandeza y la miseria del mundo 
Y que sólo es visible para quienes aman. 

If you are not feeding me financing me or fucking me I just do not give a shit 



El lupenismo: enfermdedad infantil del intelectual

You know a word by the company It keeps — Firth 1957

Sucede que la cautela es un arte difícil, dificilísimo en verdad, cuando cunde el desconcierto Paul alas

If you don't find it in the index, look very carefully through the entire catalog. 

No hay de què 

"Knowledge is a rare thing -- you gain by giving it away.” — Ivan Sutherland

“Things used to be, now they not  anything but us is who we are  disguising ourselves as secret lovers  we've become public enemies  we walk away like strangers in the street  gone for eternity  we erased one another  so far from where we came  with so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing  lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E  hatred and attitude tear us entirely” 
-Chloe Mitchell





Things used to be. Now they’re not. Anything but us is who we are. Disguising ourselves as secret lovers, we’ve become public enemies. We walk away like strangers in the street. Gone for eternity, we erase one another. No phone calls. No sweet text messages. We are mere specs of particles, floating, unknown to our partners’ existence. So far from where we came. With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing? Lack of visual empathy equates to the meaning of L.O.V.E. Hatred and attitude tear us entirely. We meet at opposite poles and no longer can we bond like love birds to a song or flowers to a daisy. The air smells of rotten and burned hearts. We have trashed our over cooked love that now accompanies the bin of deceit. Don’t turn around. Continue walking away. Disappear into that darkness that rests upon your gritty shoulders. Let that dark cloud follow you wherever you go. So long ex-lover. Farewell.
-Chloe Mitchell


In mathematics you don’t understand things. You just get used to them. (Attributed to John von Neumann) 

Remember: you are (or should be!) always empowered as an engineer to take more time to test your work. This is true of every engineering team that I have ever or would ever work on, and it’s what makes companies worth working for: engineers that are empowered to do the Right Thing.

Javascript is like the product of week and a half long binge but it picked a few neat tricks during its  fucked up child hood which lend it a certain appeal

the conviction that what is theoretically beautiful tends to be eminently useful has been an article of my faith ever since: in the design of sophisticated digital systems, elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a matter of life and death, being a major factor that decides between success and failure.

remark by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry that it is Man's predicament to have to plan for tomorrow in yesterday's language:

No one can write decently who is distrustful of the reader’s intelligence or whose attitude is patronizing - Strunk and White

Shaw writes, “Southerners’ shocking representations of sex, violence, religious excess, rural poverty, a degenerate aristocracy, and the legacy of racial hatred undercut traditional romantic images of the South and established regional tropes and stereotypes” (Shaw 

The iron law of institutions, the truism that people care more about maintaining their power within institutions than the power of the institution itself
— nixonland

Si mira en este aspecto de la biografía muchos argentinos considieramos bastante porque sabes bien la argentina la immigration  produce un coqtel, un mezcla de razas cosa por supuesto afortunado porque yo sigo creyendo que una de los caminos positivas de la humanidad es la meztizaje cuando mas grande que haga cuando la fusión de razas sea mayor, mas podremos eliminarlos los chauvinismos, patriotismos, las nacionalismos de frontera absurdos e insensatos. S
-todos los hombres de hombre
-ojala pero espero que el hombre sea todos los hombres ni

"Que el individuo se salve, si no, la vida no tiene sentido"

I think half the skill in programming is predicting the stupid things you’ll do in the future and protecting against them now.


“In the early days, computers inspired widespread awe and the popular press dubbed them giant brains. In fact, the computer’s power resembled that of a bulldozer; it did not harness subtlety, though subtlety went into its design.”  -tracy kidder

When your heroes start acting weird, you reexamine their influence on your life. Johannes Brodwall 

'Why People Believe Weird Things', Michael Shermer says it like this: "Smart people believe weird things because they are skilled at defending beliefs they arrived at for non-smart reasons."

A user interface is well-designed when the program behaves exactly how the user thought it would.

When you get stuck, you look around. When users get stuck, they narrow their focus. 
 ✘ :✹✭ ᐅ 
In essence, creativity is down to how easily your mind is diverted from one thought path and onto another. In a situation requiring fight or flight, it’s easy to see how turning into a literal “mad genius” could be life-saving. 

all the anger and the eloquence are bleeding into fear. — counting crows daylight fading

“We think we are creating the system for our own purposes. We believe we are making it in our own image... But the computer is not really like us. It is a projection of a very slim part of ourselves: that portion devoted to logic, order, rule, and clarity.” 
—Ellen Ullman, Close to the Machine: Technophilia and its Discontents 

...setting the attractions of my good parts aside I have no other charms. 
â William Shakespeare, The Merry Wives of Windsor 
in JavaScript, there is a beautiful, elegant, highly expressive language that is buried under a steaming pile of good intentions and blunders. T 

In short, instead of seeing build systems as unrelated points in space, we now see them as locations in a connected landscape, leading to a better understanding of what they do and how they compare, and suggesting exploration of other (as yet unoccupied points) in the landscape.  -- build systems a la carte

It's important to expose the right extension points so modularity empowers instead of crippling. We're not there yet, but we're close. --dan abramov

Then I read this by David Rousset in his blog Dans ma Bulle, he wrote in French (I have an English translation below):

    We tend to believe that we all live on the same planet, but rather I feel like we are actually each living in a bubble hosted in the same place. These bubbles can sometimes become entangled or contained within each other and sometimes are, fortunately or unfortunately, completely isolated from the others. It is then almost as if we are living in parallel universes. We could glimpse some in the distance, a little blurry, without entering into interactions with them.

Be liberal with what you learn, and conservative with what you use. -- Dan Abramov


i believe in incidence
he who fucks nuns will later join the church
Those at ease have contempt for misfortune,
for the blow that strikes somebody already staggering.
6 The tents of robbers prosper,

I wish you would just stay silent;
for you, that would be wisdom!

“So be quiet! Let me be! I’ll do the talking,
come on me what may!
14 Why am I taking my flesh in my teeth,
taking my life in my hands?
15 Look, he will kill me — I don’t expect more,
but I will still defend my ways to his face.
16 And this is what will save me —
that a hypocrite cannot appear before him.

With friends like these as intercessors,
my eyes pour out tears to God,
21 that he would arbitrate between a man and God,
just as one does for his fellow human being.
22 For I have but few years left
before I leave on the road of no return
-job

he who learns must suffer, and even in our sleep pain that cannot forgot falls drop by drop upon the heart.
-aeschylus
